Now, The Watchtower
from where the comments are taken
had the theme
“Your Deliverance Is Getting Near.”
Now, this was a sobering and yet
a very encouraging
Watchtower study article,
and that theme
was taken from Luke chapter 21.
So if you’d like to find that
—Luke 21—
and in the context prior to verse 28,
we know verse 26:
“People will become faint out of fear
“and expectation of the things
coming upon the inhabited earth.”
Then it mentions “the heavens . . . shaken,”
then, “see the Son of man.”
And here’s where
we find the theme, verse 28:
“But as these things start to occur,
“stand up straight and lift up your heads,
because your deliverance is getting near.”
Now, as we know,
this is fulfilled during the great tribulation.
That’s something to keep in mind,
that at that time
when these events take place,
they’ll be able to stand up
and look forward to their deliverance.
Now, for a moment, just reflect back
on the Hezekiah video
that we enjoyed
during the convention season last year.
It was amazing!
And what a beautiful job
the brothers did in Audio/Video
depicting one angel
that destroyed 185,000 men.
It was spectacular!
However, find Revelation chapter 17
—Revelation chapter 17—
and this is what
is foretold for the near future.
The context here at Revelation 17,
where verse 12 mentions “the ten horns,”
and then down into verse 13
—after this “one hour with the wild beast”
(the United Nations)—
they give their “authority to the wild beast.”
Humans in general
would find that hard to believe
when they look
at what’s going on in the world today.
But here’s what they’re going to do,
verse 14:
“These will battle with the Lamb,
“but because he is Lord of lords
and King of kings,
“the Lamb will conquer them.
“Also, those with him
who are called and chosen
and faithful will do so.”
Now,
as good as our brothers are in Audio/Video,
I personally doubt that anyone
could do a videography
and capture this event.
You’re talking about Christ Jesus,
the 144,000
anointed immortal spirit creatures,
and then Jesus has the holy angels
that are under his direction as King.
This is going to be spectacular!
Now, all things are possible with God,
but I think they’d have to have Him
to be able to show a video
to capture what’s coming in the future.
Just spectacular!
Now, just keep in mind
(and The Watchtower made this clear),
we don’t know the sure
and exact sequence of events
—the time order—
some of it (as The Watchtower says)
will likely overlap.
However, what we do know
—Jehovah has been kind about this—
is what’s going to take place
to start the great tribulation.
Now, we find here in verse 15,
and we’ll read
through verse 17 of Revelation 17:
“He said to me: ‘The waters that you saw,
“‘where the prostitute is sitting,
“‘mean peoples and crowds and nations and tongues.
“‘And the ten horns
that you saw and the wild beast,
“‘these will hate the prostitute
“‘and will make her devastated and naked,
“‘and they will eat up her flesh
and completely burn her with fire.’”
Now, here’s the fact
and verification for why this will happen,
verse 17: “For God put it into their hearts
“to carry out his thought,
“yes, to carry out their one thought
“by giving their kingdom to the wild beast,
until the words of God will have been accomplished.”
So it’s as good as done.
This is what’s going to happen
regardless of how people view us
when we preach this good news.
Because this is good news
—the destruction
of the world empire of false religion,
the beginning of the great tribulation.
This is spectacular news
for God’s people,
and until it takes place,
they won’t believe it.
But it will happen because
Jehovah says it’s going to happen.
So that’ll be a time for us
to prove our love for Jehovah God.
We’ll be the only group protected by him.
Now, this was profound, too,
this article in The Watchtower made this—
I thought it was
a profound statement when you think
about the organization we’re a part of.
It said in paragraph 9:
“This will not be the time to preach
the ‘good news of the Kingdom.’”
My, we’re a preaching organization.
So there’s a time
we’ll not preach the good news?
Yes.
Remember one of our favorite verses?
It’s etched on the minds
and hearts of God’s people:
“And this good news
of the Kingdom will be preached
in all the inhabited earth
for a witness to all the nations.”
Well, don’t forget the last part:
“And then the end will come.”
So during the great tribulation
—no good news.
However, we do know there’ll be preaching.
And you think we’re unpopular now?
Oh, my!
Notice Revelation chapter 16,
and in the context
Armageddon is being addressed,
and notice verse 21:
“Then great hailstones,
each about the weight of a talent,
“fell from heaven on the people,
“and the people blasphemed God
“because of the plague of [the] hail,
for the plague was unusually great.”
Yes.
So the message and the preaching
are going to be like “hailstones.”
I don’t know if you’ve
ever been in a hailstorm,
but this is a huge hailstorm
being depicted here.
It’s likely, possibly, a hard-hitting message
—maybe a declaration
announcing that Satan’s world
is about to come to a complete end.
So let’s just stay tuned.
And don’t feel bad—I know.
I was out in the ministry
in one territory recently,
and it’s good to suffer reproach.
We all need that, like Jesus did.
The door-to-door ministry
is good for us.
But see, if you think
we’re suffering reproach now—
Well, get ready!
It’s just training for this future declaration
that we’ll have the privilege to share in.
Now, keep in mind
that there is this event that The Watchtower
did mention in Matthew chapter 24.
And if you’ll find that,
it’s nice to have this clear.
Matthew chapter 24,
and we’re going to read verse 31:
“And he will send out his angels
“with a great trumpet sound,
“and they will gather
his chosen ones together
“from the four winds,
from one extremity of the heavens
to their other extremity.”
So, what The Watchtower stated there was
that it’s not the initial gathering
of the anointed nor the final sealing;
this is when the remnant
—the remaining ones—
receive their heavenly reward
during the great tribulation.
And this event takes place at some point
after the beginning of the attack by Gog.
Now, at that time,
that’s when Matthew 13:43 is fulfilled:
“The righteous ones
will shine as brightly as the sun
in the Kingdom of their Father.”
So as we mentioned
—sobering, yes, but encouraging.
Oh, yes, so encouraging.
So, brothers, let’s be confident;
let’s trust in Jehovah.
There’s no need to be afraid.
Let’s keep up our spiritual routine
and prove ourselves ready,
because the great tribulation is near.